Hi all, 

This is my last contribution to the open source community. Thanks to the brilliant support from 
Galette's team. 
All started after I needed to find an open source memebership management web application 
for a small comunity where I voluteer to help. We neede a solution to track the members, 
payments and all about managing a commuity. Something better and more practical than the 
impressive Excel file that we where using at the very first days.

My first step was to import that excel file, a list of names and emials, to a new google account. 
That account helped us to manage contacts in a better way, where we could edit and arrange data 
in a more human way, also it was possible to colaborate and work as a team. 

That Gmail account was a temporal solution anyway, something in between an Excel file and a proper 
web application to manage memberships. I carreied out a quick research about CRMs, membership 
applicaitons, and so on. I found many, far to many, but most of them not open source, so easy 
to cut the list. 

We needed something simple, without one thousand tools and functionalities where the user gets 
lost, open source and well developed in order to be extended as required.

I was very happy to find Galette, an open source solution developed in France by a team leaded
 by Cwiklinski Johan. Even all documentation is almost in French, I had a great support from Johan 
 and other members in order to help me to develop a plugin that connects to Google and imports 
 all the contacts of a given group. This is just a first version of the plugin and I am willing 
 to spend more time developing some improvements. 

If you need any help about this plugin or about how to use Google OAuth 2.0 in PHP just write 
me a commnent and I get in touch with you as soon as I have time to reply. 

This is the link to repository, for now all documentation is in a text file, I will work on 
proper documentaion in Galette's web site later on. 

That is all, thanks for reading,

Posted by Marc Andreu.
